NIS 2 Directive
================

Disposes obligations for European Union Member States to adopt national cybersecurity strategies and to designate competent authorities, cyber crisis management authorities, and single points of contact on cybersecurity and Computer Security Incident Response Teams (CSIRTs). This piece of regulation establishes cooperation at national level as well as a European cyber crisis liaison organization network (EU-CyCLONe) to support and coordinate the management of large-scale cybersecurity incidents and to ensure the exchange of relevant information between Member States and Union Agencies. This Directive requires ENISA to establish a European vulnerability database as well as a registry of entities.
The Directive addresses healthcare providers together with medical device and in vitro medical device manufacturers and requires their management bodies to follow training and encourages them to offer similar training to their employees on a regular basis. The Directive encourages healthcare providers and medical device manufacturers to voluntarily exchange relevant cybersecurity information as well as recommendations regarding the configuration of cybersecurity tools to detect cyber attacks.
It also requires Member States to ensure that essential and important entities take risk management measures considering the state of the art and European and international standards.
Finally, the Directive requires specific measures to protect network and information systems together with the physical environment. It also requires Member States to impose penalties and administrative fines in respect of infringements of this Directive.